docs(drain cleaner): considerations when using anti-affinity (#9482)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/managing/proc-drain-cleaner-using.adoc

* You have xref:proc-drain-cleaner-deploying-{context}[deployed the Strimzi Drain Cleaner].

.Considerations when using anti-affinity configuration 

> If using xref:assembly-scheduling-str[anti-affinity] with your Kafka or ZooKeeper pods, consider adding a spare worker node to your cluster or allowing pod rescheduling on the master node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using xref:assembly-scheduling-str[anti-affinity] with your Kafka or ZooKeeper pods, consider adding a spare worker node to your cluster or allowing pod rescheduling on a master node.
```

> If using xref:assembly-scheduling-str[anti-affinity] with your Kafka or ZooKeeper pods, consider adding a spare worker node to your cluster or allowing pod rescheduling on the master node.

Reviewer 2: We should not recommend rescheduling on master nodes.

Reviewer: Yes, that's just a workaround that could be used in dev/test, not in production.

Author: Okay. I've take out the master node option.

> Including spare nodes ensures that your cluster has the capacity to reschedule pods, especially during node draining or temporary unavailability of other nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Including spare nodes ensures that your cluster has the capacity to reschedule pods during node draining or temporary unavailability of other nodes.
```

> When a worker node is drained, and anti-affinity rules restrict pod rescheduling on alternative nodes, spare nodes help prevent restarted pods from becoming unschedulable on other worker nodes.  This mitigates the risk of the draining operation failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a worker node is drained, and anti-affinity rules restrict pod rescheduling on alternative nodes, spare nodes help prevent restarted pods from becoming unschedulable.  This mitigates the risk of the draining operation failing.
```
